Attributi:

From_user:

profile_pic: true/false
biography: true/false
follows_count: number
followed_by_count: number
media_count: number
is_private: true/false
is_verified: true/false
is_business_account: true/false
is_joined_recently: true/false
highlight_reel_count: number
connected_fb_page: true/false

From_posts:

average_likes: number
max_likes: number
min_likes: number
std_likes: number
var_likes: number
skewness_likes: number

average_comments: number
max_comments: number
min_comments: number
std_comments: number
var_comments: number
skewness_comments: number

average_time_between_posts: number
max_time_between_posts: number
min_time_between_posts: number
std_time_between_posts: number
var_time_between_posts: number
skewness_time_between_posts: number
